Docs: update UG and add images (#295)
AY1920S2-CS2103T-W12-4/main: docs/UserGuide.adoc

. Double-click the executable to start *CookBuddy*. CookBuddy's GUI should appear in a few seconds.
+
[caption=]

> .Home page of CookBuddy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Home page of *CookBuddy*
```

. Refer to <<Features>> for details of each command.

== Understanding CookBuddy’s GUI

> This section teaches you on how to utilise CookBuddy’s GUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section teaches you on how to utilise *CookBuddy’s* GUI.
```

[caption=]
.The different components in CookBuddy's GUI
image::user-guide/ui-components.png[width="600"]

> There are four major components that you will be using in CookBuddy, which will be referenced in the upcoming sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are four major components that you will be using in *CookBuddy*, which will be referenced in the upcoming sections.
```

. *Menu bar* +
The menu bar contains clickable buttons that you can use to execute certain commands, such as help, `help` to open the help window.

. *Command Line* +

> _The command line is where you enter all your commands in CookBuddy._ +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_The command line is where you enter all your commands in *CookBuddy*._ +
```

+
After entering your command, you can execute it by simply using the kbd:[Enter] key on your keyboard!

. *Result Display* +

> The result display displays feedback from CookBuddy to you after you have executed a command in CookBuddy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The result display displays feedback from *CookBuddy* to you after you have executed a command in *CookBuddy*.
```

. *Status bar* +

> The status bar shows you the path where your data is saved when you are using the features of CookBuddy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status bar shows you the path where your data is saved when you are using the features of *CookBuddy*.
```

        . Fry the rice
        . Add salt

*Expected Outcome*

[caption=]

> .1) If you would like to add a `recipe` to your CookBuddy, enter the `new` command including the specific metadata of the `recipe`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.1) If you would like to add a recipe to *CookBuddy*, enter the `new` command including the attributes of the recipe
```

image::user-guide/new-before.png[width="300"]

[caption=]

> .2) After using the `new` command, the new `recipe` will be added to your CookBuddy and will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.2) After using the `new` command, the new recipe will be added to *CookBuddy* and will be displayed.
```

image::user-guide/new-after.png[width="600"]

=== Viewing a Recipe — `view`
You can view a recipe at the given index on *CookBuddy* using the `view` command.

Format: `view INDEX`

[NOTE]
====
* `INDEX` must be a positive integer value, within the range of the number of recipes in your CookBuddy.
====

Example: You can type `view 2` and *CookBuddy* will display you the recipe at index 2 on the main page.

*Expected Outcome*

[caption=]

> .1) You want to view the second recipe in your CookBuddy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.1) You want to view the second recipe in *CookBuddy*
```

Example: You can type `delete 1` and *CookBuddy* will delete the recipe at index 1.

[NOTE]
====

> * `INDEX` must be a positive integer value, within the range of the number of recipes in your CookBuddy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `INDEX` must be a positive integer value, within the range of the number of recipes in *CookBuddy*.
```

====

*Expected Outcome*

[caption=]

> .1) You want to delete the first recipe in your CookBuddy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.1) You want to delete the first recipe in *CookBuddy*
```

image::user-guide/delete-before.png[width="600"]

[caption=]

> .2) After using the `delete` command, the recipe will be removed from your CookBuddy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.2) After using the `delete` command, the recipe will be removed from *CookBuddy*
```

image::user-guide/delete-after.png[width="300"]

[IMPORTANT]
====

> This command cannot be undone. Once a `recipe` has been deleted, its respective data folder will be permanently deleted,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command cannot be undone. Once a `recipe` has been deleted, its respective data entry in the save file will be permanently deleted.
```

> together with all its associated data, including its `images`. +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```

//See <<data-storage>> for more details.
//
====

=== Modifying a recipe — `modify`
You can modify the attributes of an existing recipe in *CookBuddy* using the `modify` command.

Format: `modify INDEX [ing/INGREDIENT, QUANTITY [; ...]] [ins/INSTRUCTION [; ...]] [cal/CALORIES] [s/SERVING_SIZE]
[r/RATING] [t/TAG [, ...]]`

[NOTE]
====

> * `INDEX` must be a positive integer value, within range of the number of recipes in your CookBuddy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `INDEX` must be a positive integer value, within range of the number of recipes in *CookBuddy*.
```

    * boil eggs
    * slice apples

//*Expected Outcome*
//
//[caption=]
//.1) You want to favourite the first `recipe` in your CookBuddy
//image::user-guide/fav-before.png[width="600"]
//
//[caption=]
//.2) After using the `modify` command, the `recipe tags` will be changed accordingly
//image::user-guide/modifytag-after.png[width="600"]

==== Modifying a recipe's tags
You can modify a recipe's tags by appending `[t/TAG [, ...]]` to a `modify` command.
If you want to remove all the tags from the recipe, append `t/` instead.

Example 1: You can type `modify 2 t/lunch, dinner` and *CookBuddy* will update the tags in the 1st recipe to contain
two tags:

    * lunch
    * dinner

*Expected Outcome*

[caption=]

> .1) You want to modify the `recipe tags` in your CookBuddy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.1) You want to modify a recipe's tags in *CookBuddy*
```

image::user-guide/modifytag-before.png[width="600"]

[caption=]

> .2) After using the `modify` command, the `recipe tags` will be changed accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.2) After using the `modify` command, the recipe's tags will be changed accordingly
```

image::user-guide/modifytag-after.png[width="600"]

Example 2: You can type `modify 1 t/` and *CookBuddy* will remove all the existing tags from the 1st recipe.

*Expected Outcome*

[caption=]

> .1) You want to modify (remove) all the `tags of a recipe` in your CookBuddy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.1) You want to remove all the tags from a recipe in *CookBuddy*
```

image::user-guide/modifyremovetag-before.png[width="600"]

[caption=]

> .2) After using the `modify` command, the `recipe tags` will be removed accordingly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.2) After using the `modify` command, the recipe's tags will be removed accordingly
```

image::user-guide/modifyremovetag-after.png[width="600"]

=== Favouriting a recipe — `fav`
You can favourite an existing recipe from *CookBuddy* using the `fav` command.

Format: `fav INDEX`

[NOTE]
====

> * `INDEX` must be a positive integer value, within range of the number of recipes in your CookBuddy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `INDEX` must be a positive integer value, within range of the number of recipes in *CookBuddy*.
```

The following section answers some questions you might have regarding *CookBuddy*.

> *Q: Is CookBuddy safe to use?* +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Q: Is *CookBuddy* safe to use?* +
```

> *A*: Yes, CookBuddy is safe to use. We regularly review our code to ensure that there are no vulnerabilities for hackers to exploit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*A*: Yes, *CookBuddy* is safe to use. We regularly review our code to ensure that there are no vulnerabilities for hackers to exploit.
```

> *Q: Is CookBuddy secure?* +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Q: Is *CookBuddy* secure?* +
```

> *A*: Yes, CookBuddy is secure. Your data is stored only on your computer. No data is sent to any online server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*A*: Yes, *CookBuddy* is secure. Your data is stored only on your computer. No data is sent to any online server.
```

> *Q: Do I need an Internet connection to use CookBuddy?* +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Q: Do I need an Internet connection to use *CookBuddy*?* +
```

> *A*: No. CookBuddy works 100% offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*A*: No. *CookBuddy* works 100% offline.
```

> *Q: Will CookBuddy receive updates?* +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Q: Will *CookBuddy* receive updates?* +
```

*A*: Yes. We are a dedicated team of software developers who are constantly collating feedback and running tests on the app. We are also working towards delivering additional features for our users.

> *Q: Can I use CookBuddy on a mobile device?* +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Q: Can I use *CookBuddy* on a mobile device?* +
```

> *A*: CookBuddy is designed to work best on a desktop/ laptop computer. We are currently working on releasing CookBuddy on mobile platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*A*: *CookBuddy* is designed to work best on a desktop/ laptop computer. We are currently working on releasing *CookBuddy* on mobile platforms.
```

> *Q: How do I transfer my data to another Computer?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Q: How do I transfer my data to another computer?
```

> *A*: Download the jar in the other computer and copy the entire data folder over to the same directory. Run CookBuddy and update the preferences.json if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*A*: Download the jar in the other computer and copy the entire data folder over to the same directory. Run *CookBuddy* and update the preferences.json if necessary.
```
